#summary A list of pixel graphic resources.
#labels Graphics

= Introduction =

This page lists a variety of resources that you can use while creating graphics for your game. Some of these sites have images that you can use in your game for free while others can be used as examples and inspiration - please read any release notes before including someone else's graphics into your program!

 
= Tutorials & Guides =

These references show you how to create your own bitmap graphics.

|| http://spritely.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/bm_gfx_rsrc/feldman_arcade_graphics.png || Ari Feldman's *[http://wiki.yoyogames.com/index.php?title=Ari_Feldman%27s_Book_on_Game_Graphics&oldid=934 Designing Arcade Computer Game Graphics]* was published back in 2000 but is now out of print. However, you can download a complete PDF of the book (or just the relevant chapters if you wish) from the [http://wiki.yoyogames.com/index.php?title=Ari_Feldman%27s_Book_on_Game_Graphics&oldid=934 YoYo Games Wiki]. Ari also created a set of free sprites - see !SpriteLib below. ||

 
= Free Sprites =

These are sprites that people have made freely available for you to use in your games. They are typically in the form of a single "sprite sheet", which is a single PNG or BMP file with all the sprites arranged on them. To use these with Spritely, you'll need to redraw them within Spritely.

|| [http://www.flyingyogi.com/fun/spritelib.html http://spritely.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/bm_gfx_rsrc/spritelib.png] || [http://www.flyingyogi.com/fun/spritelib.html SpriteLib] is a collection of spritesets created by Ari Feldman. ||

 
= Commercial Sprites & Background Maps =

If you're planning on releasing your game, you cannot make use of these sprite sets since most/all of them were extracted from commercial game releases (or involve copyrighted characters). However, they're a great source of inspiration and allow you to see how the professionals create and animate their sprites.
 
|| [http://tsgk.captainn.net/ http://spritely.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/bm_gfx_rsrc/shyguy_kingdom.png] || [http://tsgk.captainn.net/ The ShyGuy Kingdom] has lots of sprite sheets from various games. ||
|| [http://www.vgmaps.com/Atlas/DS/MarioVsDonkeyKong2-MarchOfTheMinis-Floor6-ToadstoolCastle-Room1.png http://spritely.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/bm_gfx_rsrc/vgmaps_mvdk2_6-1.png] || [http://www.vgmaps.com/ VGMaps.com] has a number of background maps extracted from different games. This is a great reference when you're creating your own background maps. ||
|| [http://www.pokemonelite2000.com/sprites.html http://spritely.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/bm_gfx_rsrc/pokemonelite2000.png] || [http://www.pokemonelite2000.com/sprites.html PokemonElite2000] has a complete collection of individual Pokemon sprites. ||


To find other resources on the web, search for "sprites", "sprite sheets", "game sprites", and variants.