README.md, before:

# Spritely

Spritely is an editor that allows you to easily create sprites for Gameboy
Advance (GBA) and Nintendo DS (NDS) programming projects. It is designed
specifically for programmers who are just starting out in GBA/NDS game
development.

Spritely is best described as a simple paint program that allows you to create
a set of foreground/background sprites and screen maps. It also includes an
"Export..." option that creates a complete GBA/NDS project - source code,
makefile and all.

In conjunction with [devkitPro](https://sourceforge.net/projects/devkitpro/) and
an emulator like [VisualBoyAdvance](https://sourceforge.net/projects/vba/), you
can easily create your own GBA/NDS games and get started in the wonderful world
of homebrew.

A [set of basic tutorials](http://garykac.github.io/spritely/tutorials/index.html) is also available.

For suggestions/bug-reports, go to the Issues tab and edit an existing entry or
add a new one. Send other comments to ɯoɔ˙ןıɐɯƃ@ɔɐʞʎɹɐƃ - please include
"spritely" in the subject line.

![Screenshot](images/misc/sample_sm.png)

Commit message:

Add link to latest version for download

README.md, after:

# Spritely

Spritely is an editor that allows you to easily create sprites for Gameboy
Advance (GBA) and Nintendo DS (NDS) programming projects. It is designed
specifically for programmers who are just starting out in GBA/NDS game
development.

![Screenshot](images/misc/sample_sm.png)

Spritely is best described as a simple paint program that allows you to create
a set of foreground/background sprites and screen maps. It also includes an
"Export..." option that creates a complete GBA/NDS project - source code,
makefile and all.

In conjunction with [devkitPro](https://sourceforge.net/projects/devkitpro/) and
an emulator like [VisualBoyAdvance](https://sourceforge.net/projects/vba/), you
can easily create your own GBA/NDS games and get started in the wonderful world
of homebrew.

You can download the [latest version of Spritely](https://github.com/garykac/spritely/blob/gh-pages/downloads/Spritely_0.13.17.zip).

A [set of basic tutorials](http://garykac.github.io/spritely/tutorials/index.html) is also available.

For suggestions/bug-reports, go to the Issues tab and edit an existing entry or
add a new one. Send other comments to ɯoɔ˙ןıɐɯƃ@ɔɐʞʎɹɐƃ - please include
"spritely" in the subject line.
